CannLaw

2) Creating a message from the contact page generates a 400 Bad Request and there were one or more validation errors that occurred. If someone clicks on the create message, it should be sending to the admin users. All the admin users. If they want to create a case and assign it, they can.
8) In the Clients page, clicking on the filters button shows there are 4 search boxes that the dark mode doesn't work.
9) Clicking the Sync clients shows a pop-up saying it was successful, but the console shows a 403 Forbidden.
10) Going to the billing page has a slew of issues. The dark mode isn't working properly on the notes, the header for the Recent Time Entries (the text is black on a dark background) and the bar that has Date and client and more which is still white. The 403 error for the call to the clients API is still there. There are three API calls to 3 different time-tracking endpoints, active, entries and stats that all give a 400 Bad Request. Given the nature of all the failures on the time-tracking API, it may not actually be implemeted.
11) On the Messages, the recepients endpoint, I am getting a 500 error and it tells us it's a LINQ error for the DbSet<User> query where it's saying translation of 'string.Format' is failing.
12) Clicking on a message, it gives a 405 Method Not Allowed and fails.
13) In the profile, uploading a new picture says it works, and the console gives me a 404 error and the picture isn't there anymore. Denise's "new" picture isn't showing in the staff page, but the old picture is still there.
14) Hovering over the Visa Library or the Hello dropdown the dark mode colors disappear, and it's white on white.


Law4Hire

1) I refreshed even thouugh we'd set up about 10 builds that I was just testing on Cannlaw, I was still logged in as Denise. That's not supposed to be able to happen. When the user hasn't been in the site and they're not saved for 2 weeks should not have them still logged in. New builds should refresh the cookie. So, with Cannlaw and Law4Hire that you have the version number for Cannlaw, let's put that same build number on Law4Hire and if we're not on the right version, expire and delete the cookie.
2) On the pricing page from the dashboard there are 2 initial consultations with different pricing. There's one that's 162 and one that's 150. It should be configured from the admin package page.
3) On the Appointments page, we're going to rebuild, but not yet. There are a bunch of issues with it. So, let's disable the button for now, while leaving it on the screen. Just make it disabled.
4) On the messages page, all the failures we saw on Cannlaw, are not there, except the 500 error for the recepients.
5) In the admin panel, we have the system settings (We're at the admin, and there were only 4 things on the rest of the site I found, so that means we're doing great on l4h), there's settings page and there needs to be a Stripe configuration for our payment system we're going to add to Cannlaw later. (DO NOT ADD TO CANNLAW YET).
6) In the settings, if I change the data, I get a 401 error on save. After I cleared the cookies, it went away.
7) In the Manage Users, I get a 401 fetching the users. I cleared the cookies and it went away. Also, I want to have the ability to change the user's email address or their first or last names, and their phone number from that page.
8) There's a case management page and in there, we have minimal amount of ability to edit. The review button fails to bring up the case, but I suspect that's due to no completed interview.
9) The pricing page, the dark mode is not working. All the cards are bright white. The ability to price the different Visa types with both the price (which is what is displayed) and the ability to EDIT those prices needs to be set up. If I click a card, it gives me a pop-up, with no ability to edit a package with that pricing, but does give me the ability to delete one and create one. Law4Hire is an LLC to provide services to the Cann Legal Group (cannlaw) and so, as such, we've put in to the database a point where we can have the LLC price, but that's not in the editing of pricing at all right now. It also has only 29 different Visa types. We've identified 88 and then also Foreign Adoption, Citizenship and Asylum claims. So, there should be 91 and there's only 29. These should be database driven and the database is supposed to have all those. If they're not all in the database, I need to know. This MUST be corrected.
10) The Package page has been removed from the menu. Not disabled. Removed from the menu. The page still exists. I need that back.
11) The Package page does not have an ability to remove a package. We REMOVED and somehow got re-added, the package code. This confuses the client and I don't need it there. Generate one based on the display name. When you've got that done, remove the validation for the code.
12) There's a new feature in the interview questions to allow you to add an answer path. The problem is, it goes to a white page. Says in the console, Trash2 is not defined. In the interview question editing itself, it doesn't give the full list of all the available types of visa based off it's parent. If it is the top, then the ANSWERS will discriminate, not the question itself, so the placement makes no sense. It should have ALL the Visa types listed for the discrimination fields that the parent question has or all if the top level and that should be for each answer, not for each question.
13) In the USCIS Forms, the delete popup has dark mode failures. The text is black on grey, so unreadable. The LLC Fee CANNOT be a percentage, so take that field out of the pricing information. The drop-downs in the Mapping and Dependencies only have the Visa categories, like F or H instead of F-1, F-2, H-1A, H-1B, and so on. Again, these are from the database, so we shouldn't be seeing this. This is completely wrong.
14) The Visa Library only has 29 Visa types, not the 88 we're supposed to have loaded and the other three identified above. This MUST be right.
15) The Attorney management page literally cannot find any of the pictures. The adding of a new attorney has dark mode text problems. I entered a name, and it's black text on the dark background. This was when I used auto-complete for it. I tried to create a new attorney, and it fails. Gives a 500 Internal Server Error when I click the create button. Why are we having negative numbers for display order? We shouldn't.
16) Reports and Analytics drops me to the home page, not showing the reports.

